JT edits pt 2 (#3776)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/supported-hardware.md

Author: I used the small style details because indeed it's an edge case and the normal expanders are massive and eye catching. I felt like it fit better there though than later on the page--will have a second think about this.

   For details on configuring versioning and environment variables for modules, see [Modular Resource and Module Configuration Details](/operate/reference/module-configuration/).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe right before this there's a `### Configure virtual hardware components` heading where you can add that those exist? Remember this page is not about creating new modules so the sentence `You can also create a module to support new software-only functionality.` doesn't really fit. What does fit is to point out "You may come across virtual hardware components that use the same API but ..."

## Add software services to your machine

In addition to hardware driver _{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="components" >}}_ and abstracted "virtual hardware" components, Viam offers _{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="services" >}}_ to provide higher-level software capabilities.
You can read more about the Viam-maintained services and how to configure them in their respective documentation:

- [Data capture and sync](/data-ai/capture-data/capture-sync/)
- [ML model deployment](/data-ai/ai/deploy/)
- [Computer vision](/data-ai/ai/run-inference/)

> - Motion planning for various components:
>   - [Robot arm motion](/operate/mobility/move-arm/)
>   - [Mobile robot navigation](/operate/mobility/move-base/)
>   - [Gantry motion planning](/operate/mobility/move-gantry/)

Reviewer: I think that'll make this look cleaner
```suggestion
- Motion planning for [robot arm motion](/operate/mobility/move-arm/), [mobile robot navigation](/operate/mobility/move-base/), [gantry motion planning](/operate/mobility/move-gantry/)
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Motion planning for [robot arm motion](/operate/mobility/move-arm/), [mobile robot navigation](/operate/mobility/move-base/), and [gantry motion planning](/operate/mobility/move-gantry/)
```

To add a service to your machine:

1. Click the **+** button on your machine's **CONFIGURE** tab.
1. Click **Service**, then select from available services.
   The dropdown list includes services from the Viam Registry as well as the built-in services.

> 1. Add required attributes according to the README or other documentation.

Author: For built-in services I could see this, but what about modular services that don't fall under any of the other service realms? Just don't worry about it since those are edge cases by advanced users?
